Philosophy
==========

"I'd rather write shell scripts than Makefiles."
------------------------------------------------

I'm not going to claim that this is the be-all end-all of build
systems. However, it does have the nice properties of:

* Not requiring anything but a baseline OS installation, with Bash 3.2
  or later. (Notably, this is what OS X ships with, as of this writing.)

* Using the tried and true method of file timestamp comparison to figure out
  "freshness" of generated files with respect to dependencies. Sure, this
  has shortcomings, but at least those shortcomings are well understood,
  with known workarounds.

* Being a thin veneer on top of (or perhaps underneath) straight shell
  scripting, which &mdash; face it! &mdash; you end up having to do anyway
  when you're trying to define any nontrivial build, no matter what build
  system you're using.

* More specifically, having no invasive build syntax. A build file is just
  a rule-generator script, and rules are generated by calling commands,
  passing arguments just like one would do with any other shell commands.
  To the extent that there's syntax, it is like how the standard `find`
  command has syntax.

Rather than relegating scripts to an awkward corner of the build system,
and having a whole 'nother layer of syntax to layer it within, Blur flips
the relationship, so that rule definition is just a regular-looking command
invocation, embedded in a programming environment which you very likely
already know (if not love).
